[4.4] docs(pivotgrid): add row and column header width parameters (#1542)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/pivotgrid/overview.md

| Parameter | Type and Default&nbsp;Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Class` | `string` | A custom CSS class for the `<div class="k-pivotgrid">` element. Use it to [override theme styles]({%slug themes-override%}). |

> | `ColumnHeadersWidth` | `string` | Specifies the width of the column header in [any supported CSS unit]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ColumnHeadersWidth` | `string` | The width of all columns in [any supported CSS unit]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |
```

| `Data` | `IEnumerable<TItem>` | The Pivot Grid component data. Use only with [`Local` `DataProviderType`]({%slug pivotgrid-data-binding%}#local). |
| `DataProviderType` | `PivotGridDataProviderType` enum <br /> (`Local`) | The [type of data source that the Pivot Grid will use]({%slug pivotgrid-data-binding%}). |
| `EnableLoaderContainer` | `bool` (`true`) | Defines if a built-in [LoaderContainer]({%slug loadercontainer-overview%}) will show during long-running operations (over 600ms). |
| `Height` | `string` | A `height` style in [any supported CSS unit]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |
| `LoadOnDemand` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Defines if the PivotGrid will request only the data to display in the current view, or all data. When loading on demand is disabled or when using the `Local` `DataProviderType`, the component performs all calculations in-memory. In such cases, large amounts of data may impact the performance, especially in WebAssembly apps. |

> | `RowHeadersWidth` | `string` | Specifies the width of the row header in [any supported CSS unit]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RowHeadersWidth` | `string` | The width of all row headers in [any supported CSS unit]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |
```
